Okay title kinda suggest that I thought why it might suck but these were my thought after hearing about 2025 Chinese GaoKao and some of my friends achieving what I wished for.

The Universal engine has a lot of heated parts running at max one of the them being the Rat Races, in all forms. Saw a recent IIT's freshers intro where a student asked question why choose engineering which he replied confused that his goal was to crack IIT.

**The making out game:**
Capitalist wants more profit => need to exploit work force.
worker want to maintain a healthy life and earning => work not to max so less profit for company

We see a conflict in interest so what's the solution ?

capitalist establish a simple rule that if a person generate less that a limit he will receive a base pay and every unit generated by an individual over that limit will give him/her bonus.

yeah yeah, divide and rule kinda situation,
so now by rewarding individual labor instead of collective labor, capitalist generated competition.

All worker start working extra hard and now as everyone is working hard capitalist keep pushing limit.
so capitalist simply started a rat race. If everyone works hard the plain evens again, but the profits skyrocketed

I'm not that against the rat races, I think they kindof helps people to break their limits and are good until the only goal left is beating the system. 

idk if I got that point to you so here's another proper example:    

You see, all students me are preparing from same sheets(of DSA) trying to learn all "standard" questions 

At interview time, all of them instead of being themselves will try to figure out what answer or method the recruiter is thinking about. 
They just want to land a high paying job but as one said, journey is important than destination, I'm not a people pleaser.
I just want to understand and explore programming as much as possible and obviously like worker want to a healthy life.

So, while all my friends are achieving something, I don't feel the need of rush to achieve something fast.
I will simply polish my skills till my talent blooms.
And a great player said, "Believe that one day your talent will bloom, till then polish your instincts, in next 5, 10, 30 years or even later, believe it will bloom as if you won't believe then it probably won't"
basically don't give up cause future successful you is relying on present you
or whateverrrr the way you interpret.

So, from the past few weeks I have been practicing a simple rule **You do it right & you do it everyday** 

Being successful like my friends would have been good but being me don't sucks either.

[[Blogs/Philosophy/index|Philosophy/index]]